Add a note for image automation to upgrade guide (#1664)
fluxcd/website: content/en/flux/installation/upgrade.md

git push
```

> If you've enabled the Flux [image automation feature](/flux/guides/image-update/) at bootstrap,
> make sure to include the image automation controllers when generating the components manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've enabled extra Flux components at bootstrap, like those required for the [image automation feature](/flux/guides/image-update/).
Ensure to include these components when generating the components manifest:
```

Makes it more future safe, in case we ever introduce new components.

In addition, maybe put this in some kind of warning / note / whatever block?

Author: There is an info box right after this, too many of those I think it just creates noise.
